While the more scientifically-minded
May care little for this book
It's intended for those who like to just
Stare at the sky, and wonder, and sing
Quietly at the night sky.

Grotius, Scaliger, Hyde, and Whitney
All wrote books in this vein, echoing
Al-Biruni, who said, He whose roof is Heaven 
Over whom the stars continually rise
And set, makes his beginnings depend upon them.

How many such names in Arabic, such as Al-Ghoul,
Algol, were just translations from Greek?
And how many Greek names
Were just translations from Babylonian languages?

Ptolemy's book was called The Greatest Book,
when translated from Syriac into Arabic.
Cremonaeus brought it back into the West,
And it was published in 1515, completing
One enormous loop
From Greek to Syriac to Arabic to Latin,
Given to us by a Vatican monk's manuscript:
Trapezuntius.

The ancient Arabs
named individual stars --
seeing in each star the kind of identity
befitting a Western constellation:
geographical, anatomical, botanical.
Tents, nests, household items;
Ornaments, mangers, and stalls.
They named individual stars after
boats, biers, crosses, and thrones;
Fruits, grains, and nuts;
After wells, ponds, and rivers.

They called one star The Trusted One;
Another, The Lofty One; and another,
The Neglected One.

Some stars were fortunate, others unfortunate,
Much like the individual days
In the calendar of the ancient Mayans.

For cross-reference, remember the words of the
Biblical prophet Isaiah:
He calleth them all by name. 

For all these reasons, even though the names
And patterns of thought were so ancient,
And perhaps because the art of navigation
Required it to some degree, Europeans like
William Henry Smyth, a Vice-Admiral,
Descendant of THE Captain John Smith from
The Pocahantas story; and scholars such as
Christian Ludwig Ideler
wrote books about star names.

In our time, most people would be hard-pressed
To even name one star in the sky;
Using an astrolabe to navigate, rather than a
Compass and a map, is simply thought of as
A thing of the past.

But for all the ignorance of astronomy
That defines our time, popular knowledge of the
Solar zodiac, commonly called simply
The zodiac, is abundant.

Many theories have been propounded
As to the origin of the solar zodiac.

Many believe that it originated in ancient
Babylon, as six signs:
Taurus, Cancer, Virgo, Scorpio,
Capricorn, and Pisces.

These six signs were found to divide twelve full
Moons; as recently as 1600 years ago,
it consisted of eleven signs, with Scorpio
being a double-sign.

Whether it was originally called
The Circle of the Signs, or
The Furrow of Heaven --
A plow dragged along by Taurus,
is unknown, but for a good long while
Taurus was thought of as the very first
Of all of eleven, or all twelve.

An ancient Hebrew word, mazzaroth
or mizrata, seems to have been used for the
Milky Way itself (later on, it was
Mazalot) and for Ursa Major, for Sirius,
And for the constellations in general.

Flavius Josephus conjectured
That the twelve stones in the breastplate
Of the Chief Priest
Might refer to them somehow.

And so Schiller later wrote
that they were five plus seven
Holy numbers.

But what poet can surpass Smyth's reflections,
Given what we now know in the 2020s?

That 27 stars
Orbit the black hole at the center of our galaxy;
Orbits our astrophysicists cannot reduce
To any form of differential equation.

Smyth wrote before any of that was yet known,
that the allegorical images of Jacob's blessings
Have been identified with the signs of the Via
Solis, whence Hashem becomes Sagittarius,
Armed with a bow.

Yud plus heh plus vav plus heh,
And twenty-six stars if we call the first one
Zero; just like the number of Hebrew letters
Is equivalent to the number of human chromosomes
If we number starting at Zero;
27 stars, unseen to even the best telescopes of the past
But somehow encoded in the Hebrew Bible,
Made visible with quantum engineering;
Like the 23 chromosomes, unknown to even the best doctors
Of the past, made visible only in the 20th century.

As for the other eleven signs,
Together, as twelve, they make up what
The ancient Arabs thought of as an enormous belt.

Aristotle called it a circle of little animals, and
Homer and Hesiod do not mention it whatsoever.

Philippe de Thaun, a 12th-century Anglo-Norman poet
wrote an entire book featuring it,
Livre de Creatures.

In the Indian Rig Veda, it is called
a twelve-spoked wheel
housing 720 children in pairs, 360 days
and 360 nights.

The Pahlavi-speaking Persians, in the Bundehesh,
called them twelve leaders in the army of the light
fighting the seven planets of the army of darkness.

To the Mandaeans, the twelve signs
were the children of Ur and Ruha, both belonging
to the world of darkness; Ruha, the wind, author of the Torah
who flitted over the surface of the waters
in the beginning.

Laying along the celestial equator
are the lunar mansions, which theoretically
Were originally supposed to represent the daily motion of the moon
In its orbit; sometimes they were 27 in number,
sometimes 28; eleven were considered fortunate,
ten unfortunate, and seven uncertain; the seven sisters,
the Pleiades, began the cycle by some accounts:
in China and Arabia, the 16th, 17th, and 28th were
similarly identified; Whitney, a scholar of Sanskrit,
claimed that the Chinese, Arabian, and Indian
lunar mansions
from one source all depended.

They have several names in Arabic:
The Stars of Entering, the Mansions of the Moon,
and The Roadside Inns; in ancient China,
they were twenty eight celebrated generals;
Brown has written about their names in Sogdian.

Similar to these, the Chaldaeans, Egyptians, and Greeks
divided the sky into 36 stars, each spaced ten days apart,
called the Decans by the Greeks: Maternus Julius Firmicus
preserved their names.

Ibn Ezra anecdotally tells a story about how
The ancient Hebrews divided the stars into constellations
and then expressed them using the alphabet; when the alphabet
had been run through, a second letter was added to express the shape
and a third letter to express the nature.

Over the years, the number of constellations has varied;
Celestial maps seem difficult to read, unless one studies them
Quite closely; people tried to change the number of constellations
In order to simplify the process of learning them,
But they remained as they stand today.

The poem, Phenomena, of Aratos,
which was based on a prose narrative by
Eudoxos, and influenced by Theophrastus,
is the sole source as to the actual arrangement
Of the early constellations; all maps of the stars
have followed it to a certain extent.

Ancient Roman women would read the poem
and embroider the forms of stars in gold and silver thread;
As recently as 1500 years ago, it was used by astronomers
as a tool for science, in conjunction with astrolabes and quadrants;
Saint Paul even quotes from it, in the book of Acts, chapter sixteen,
verse twenty-eight.

